### Date: Tuesday October 14th 2017
### Time: 5.30 p.m
### Meeting Held: King's Library
### Minute Taker: Anirudh Devulapalli
### Attendees: 
               Akhil Bhavirisetti
               Sai Teja Desu
               Rajeev Vilas Patil
               Mohammed Athar Na
### Absent: 
---
### Discussion points:
1. Front end integration bugging.
2. Final touches and chnges made to the project
---
### Things to do this week:
Resolve any remining issues
---
### Things to do next week:
1. Same as above. Add any extra bells and whistles.
---
### Blockers/Challenges:
1. Minor bugs in front end integration.
